fix(mdb): multi-user - MTA-6329 (#5377)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/managed-mongodb-databases/api-cli/managing-users-api.mdx

---
title: Managing MongoDB® users with the Scaleway API
description: This page explains how to manage MongoDB® users via the API
tags: managed-database database postgresql mongodb database-instance mongodb
dates:
  validation: 2025-05-08
  posted: 2025-04-08
---

When you create your MongoDB® Database Instance, the first user is created by default and has admin rights.

You can create more users and grant them pre-set roles via the [Scaleway Managed MongoDB® API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/managed-database-mongodb/).

<Message type="important">

>   All users you create have at first administrator roles, which can be changed after creation with the [Apply user roles](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/managed-database-mongodb/#path-users-apply-user-roles) call. The default user's role cannot be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  All users you create initially have administrator roles, which can be modified after creation using the [Apply user roles](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/managed-database-mongodb/#path-users-apply-user-roles) API call. However, the default user's role cannot be changed.
```
